docs: remove rpk redpanda tune help (#978)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/get-started/pages/licensing/add-license-console.adoc

= Add an Enterprise Edition License to Redpanda Console
:description: Learn how to add a license to Redpanda Console using one of these provided options.

> Redpanda Console supports many options for adding an Enterprise Edition license. Choose the option that best fits your deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redpanda Console supports a number of options for adding an Enterprise Edition license. Choose the option that best fits your deployment:
```

[cols="2a,2a,2a"]
|===
| Option | Description | Requirements

| xref:console:ui/add-license.adoc[Upload a license through the UI]
| Uses the UI to upload a license to Redpanda and Redpanda Console.
|Redpanda Console must be connected to a Redpanda cluster.

> | xref:get-started:licensing/add-license-redpanda/index.adoc[Load from the Redpanda cluster at startup]

Reviewer: I was a bit confused by being take to the index page because if I select my setup, I get all the licensing options again. Or is this just me?

Reviewer 2: I've updated it to go directly to the Linux/K8s instructions for adding a license to RP. Is that better?

Reviewer: That works really well. Thank you!

> | xref:get-started:licensing/add-license-redpanda/index.adoc[Load from the Redpanda cluster at startup]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Load from the Redpanda cluster at startup (xref:get-started:licensing/add-license-redpanda/linux.adoc[Linux] or xref:get-started:licensing/add-license-redpanda/kubernetes.adoc[Kubernetes])
```

| Automatically loads the license from the connected Redpanda cluster during startup, allowing centralized license management.
| Redpanda Console must be connected to a Redpanda cluster that has a valid license installed.

| xref:console:config/enterprise-license.adoc[Configure a standalone license for Redpanda Console]
| Configures Redpanda Console with its own license. This option is best for deployments that are not connected to a Redpanda cluster.

> | You must add the key to the Redpanda Console configuration file or an environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| You must add the license key to the Redpanda Console configuration file or an environment variable.
```
